1.Developers develop diff microservices using diff Technologies.
2.Frontend(Ang,React,Vue) - Backend(Java,C++,Python) - DB(MySql,Oracle,Postgre)
3.Frontend,Backend code pushed into Github for Integration.
4.Finally, After Completion - 
   Stage-1 : Developers Test the Application in Dev Server(Environment).
  This Dev Env has all Dependencies(Java Soft,Angular Soft,Mysql Software) to run the App.
   Stage-2 : SIT Environment(Software Integration Testing).install all Dependencies.
   Stage-3 : UAT Env. Client Acceptance Testing.Need to install all Dependencies.
   Stage-4 : Pre-Production Env.need to install all Dependencies.
   Stage-5 : Live Environment.need to install all Dependencies.
5.Problem? :
  Everytime need to change dependencies if versions been upgraded.Its not Recommendable.

How Docker Solve this Problem?
 - You do not need to install each dependencies at everytime of each Stage.Just Install Docker then Docker install all those dependencies and run Application.
 - Docker is a opensource platform for Developing, shipping and running Applications in Containers.
6. Libraries(JPA,Security,Junit,Redis) vs Dependencies(OS,JAVA,Angular,MYSQL).
7. Devops Team is Responsibe for installing all dependencies in Environment to run App.
8.Containerization:
 - The Process of executing our application by using Docker is called Containerization.
 - Inside Container, we have code,dependencies and libraries.
9. sourceCode + pom.xml(Library Dependencies)=Package(Jar/war) ==> Run on Compiler.
 sourceCode + pom.xml(Library Dependencies) + Dockerfile(Software Dependencies Inform)=  Docker Image.
10.After Docker image is created,It is pushed into DockerHub/Docker Registry.
11.From DockerHub we can pull into any Environment/Server(Dev Env,SIT Env,UAT) and can Run.
   While Running,In that Environment - Container is Created.
12. If we run the Docker Image - Container will be Created.Inside Container - we have code+Lib+Dependencies.
13. Container is an Virtual Machine(Linux VM) where our application is going to Execute.
    Here Container is Creating & Running Manually.But in Real world it is managed by           
    Kubernetes.
14.Docker SetUp :
   - In my Local Computer, On Operating System(Host) - I am gonna install Docker Software.On Docker Software, I will run Multiple Microservice Containers(c1,c2,c3).Each
Container is an Virtual Machine(Linux) Where an application is Running.
15. Virtualization:
   - Running one Operating System in another Operating System.
16. Port Mapping :
    - To access the Appllication that is Running in Container, we Need to establish the Connection btw our Local System Operating System to Virtual Linux Machine(Container).



 
Questions:
1.What is Docker?
 - Docker is Containerization Software.
 - used to simplify our application Execution & deployment Process.
 - take care of required Depedencies of Application.
 - Using Docker we will run our Application as a Container.

2. What is Containerization?
 - The Process of Packaging our Application code and Dependencies as Single Unit and Executing as a Container is called as Containerization.
 - Container is an Virtual Machine(Comp with OS)(Linux VM).Inside Linux Machine, our application is going to Execute.
 

Note:
 Deveops=(Docker+Kubernetes(Managing Containers)+Jenkins+Terraform(Create VM(Containers) without Manually)


Before SpringBoot Available, Web Application Running:
  
 | SourceCode | -->  |Byte Code| -->  |War File(web App)| ---> |War Run in Tomcat Server|



